Third brother, teach them a lesson
Who bullied my sister just now?
Now kneel down and kowtow to me and admit your mistake
I can also guarantee you an easier death
Defender
You bullied my sister-in-law just now, don't you hurry up and admit your mistake?
It's all my fault for being blind
Please forgive me, Miss Zhao
Didn't you bully our brothers just now?
Aren't you arrogant?
Lu Shuang, how did you deal with us?
We'll give it back to you.
And the word you.
Make my brother comfortable tonight
Otherwise, you will be like Lu Wushuang
Brother this
She's so pretty
I'll have a good taste tonight
The famous Qingluan Heavenly King
What's it like?
fifth uncle
How dare you be so arrogant in front of me
Third brother and fifth uncle
In front of your Zhao family, you still dare to let go
You are so lawless
Kneel down for me
Court death for me
Who dares to touch my Peerless Army Supreme
Then step over me first
You are a little prodigal son who dares to break into money